[greynoise-266] Updates to GreyNoise Integration (#15323)
demisto/content: Packs/GreyNoise/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### GreyNoise

> - Fixed bug with "test configuration" validation always failing
> - Updated "ip" command to perform both NOISE and RIOT lookups
> - Added greynoise-context command to only perform NOISE lookup
> - Updated "ip-quick-check" command to include RIOT boolean
> - Updated URL Hyperlink URLs to new Visualizer base URL
> - Update IP Context Table to include additional elements
> - Added "cve" lookup option to "query" command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***test configuration*** command would constantly fail.
- Updated the ***ip*** command to perform both NOISE and RIOT lookups.
- Added the ***greynoise-context*** command to only perform NOISE lookup.
- Updated the ***ip-quick-check*** command to support RIOT data.
- Updated URL Hyperlink URLs to new Visualizer base URL.
- Update IP Context Table to include additional elements.
- Added a CVE lookup option to the ***query*** command.
```
